fix(doc): Update readme.md (#788)
zeta-chain/node: readme.md

  contains the source code for the Solidity smart contracts that implement the
  core functionality of ZetaChain.

## Building the zetacored/zetaclientd binaries

> For athens3 testnet, clone this repository and checkout the latest release tag, and type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the Athens 3 testnet, clone this repository, checkout the latest release tag, and type the following command to build the binaries:
```

  contains the source code for the Solidity smart contracts that implement the
  core functionality of ZetaChain.

## Building the zetacored/zetaclientd binaries
For the Athens 3 testnet, clone this repository, checkout the latest release tag, and type the following command to build the binaries:
```
make install-testnet
```

> to build. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
